"Don't even bother. ","This DVD would not play on my system. ","Had low video quality. ","Not a fan but I got it for my wife to view while recuperating from foot surgery. Even she turned it off. ","The character's aren't well developed. The plot isn't very good either. ","The movie is very boring. ","The movie sends the message that it isn't as worthy as being a career woman. ","Dead Poets Society has always been my favourite film and this film looked like it was based on that to quite a great extent. ","I saw this film and I absolutely hated every minute of it. ","This film isnt moving or feel-good, it is stupid, implausible and didn't acheive anything. ","The plot is too simple - everything is spelt out to you in black and white and the stryline is just completely unbelievable. If you loved Dead Poets Society, don't buy this. ","If you haven't seen it- DONT BUY THIS! ","This film is not a portrait of the individual characters but simply a theme using characters. ","The emotional transitions are non existent. ","We can not see why certain characters change. ","This film was conceived and executed in the way a Junior High School play with no adult writer or director does. ","Do not waste your time on this film! You will thank me... ","A waste of genuine talent ","Watching the trailers for this movie I didn't think it would be very good, but I was quite prepared to have my mind changed, particularly since it had such a good cast. ","Of course, the real problem with this film is that it's too self-consciously 'worthy' and seems to be begging for an Oscar in almost every scene. ","Although there are a couple of scenes where the film comes alive, it's too few and far between, and once you've left the theatre and look back on it you realise what a shallow exercise it was. ","Disappointing..... ","This movies was extremely disappointing. ","There were no transistion in the characters emotional evolution. ","There is no emotional substance in this film. ","There are so many gaps in this storyline and that in combintation with the generally poor acting makes this one of the worst movies I have ever seen. ","Save your money and better yet your time and go see another movie. ","This is not an good movie. ","The acting was dull and I didn't care for any of the girls. ","Even the music and the picture was horrible simply awful. ","Why did I waste time and money on this boring and unrealstic romance film. ","I hated every minute of this crappy movie. ","Nothing was cool and it was way too long. ","BORING is the word for this sorry exuse for a film. ","I really don't see the point about making this awful and dull movie. ","I rather eat durt then see it ever agin. ","It's simply the most boring I have ever seen in my entire life period. ","STAY AWAY from this movie at all costs. ","Nothing was good and I hated everything about it. ","I don't give a rats ass about the characters for that matter. ","Simply awful and dull. ","When movie first came out wanted to see soo bad. ","the plot was SO bad it would go from one scene to the next and leave you totally confuesed. ","the dialoge was one the worst i have ever seen. ","one of the actress.an involved Lisiban/ prostution lifestyle. and on a top of that a ton of sick sexual conversations were going on the sad part was that. they picked some wonderful actress in this movie if they just would left out those scenes and the storyline that people follow it would been much better. ","it was as bad as my dead grandmothers dentures! ","i rented this movie thinking that it would be the perfect chic flick movie to settle me into the weekend. ","i knew not to expect an intelligent movie, but i very disappointed. ","horrible movie. ","pretty actresses without much of a plot to deliver. ","if you want to waste two hours, this is a good, albeit unbeneficial, way to do it. ","no direction to this movie whatsoever. ","i was left wondering, so this is it? ","it's pure fluff. ","i'm sorry, i'm not a genuine movie critic, but i'm telling you as a regular, everyday, just-want-to-watch-a-movie-to-relax, kind of person- this movie is pointless. ","I SPENT AOLMOST THREE HOURS SEEING SOMETHING COPYING A MOVIE I LIKED AND NOT VERY WELL. ","I DIDN'T LIKE ANY OF THE CHARACTERS AT ALL. ","IT NEVER REACHED A GOOD POINT. ","ALSO THE SPECIAL FEATURES AREN'T THAT GOOD AT ALL. ","I HATED IT AND THINK PEOPLE EVERY WHERE SHOULD BURN IT! ","Most of the acting was very cardboard. ","Oh, did I fail to point out that the title is mentioned throughout the movie at least eleventy-billion times? ","I don't remember why I rented this movie. ","I also couldn't understand why this movie was made. ","What message is this movie trying to transmit? I have no idea. ","The movie lacked one thing. Flesh. Sex. ","This movie is the biggest load of BS I've seen in years. ","The script is incredibly weak and tremendous young actors are wasted. ","It was bad acting. ","The film is a collection of wall-to-wall, highly erroneous cliches and stereotypes. ","OUCH!!! ","This is yet another example of Hollywood's liberal attacks on America's most popular decade. ","The premise is pure crap, and the characters are ridiculous parodies. The really offensive thing is that it's basically an attack on an entire ethnic group -- white, anglo-saxon protestant women. ","I don't think this is a 'chick flick' at all. ","The way it was acted out was boring and the story was all over the place. ","If you are trying to gain a few brownie points by renting a nice chick flick for your significant other, whatever you do, do not torture yourself with this mess. ","It's not romantic. No nudity or even partial anything. ","Total lack of pretty sets or scenery. ","Clothes are way conservative and non-revealing. ","Officially zero car chases and/or explosions. ","Do whatever it takes to get out of sitting through this: fake sickness, cut yourself, fake taking an important call on your cell, volunteer to do household chores. Anything! ","Like garlic to a vampire, you should keep this dvd way far away from your dvd player. ","There's really very little to recommend this film. ","The word 'lackluster' isn't quite strong enough to describe what has been put together. ","There are plenty of movies out there with nothing to say, but this one has achieved a rare, almost perfect hollowness. ","What is so profoundly annoying about this film is that it pretends to be about non-conformism, a 'dare to be yourself' movie, but it dares absolutely nothing. ","I was having a hard time remembering it twenty minutes after I left the theater. ","Guys if you are forced to watch this movie fake a serious illness or better yet fake death. ","If your woman doesn't kill you this movie will. ","Run for the hills men I'm still trying to recuperate. ","it was terrible... ","it was boring... ","don't buy this ... ","it isn't funny, and doesn't have a gripping plot ","A complete waste of time. ","This movie is really BAD. ","The acting is horrible and the overall plot is crap. ","I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE AT ALL!!!! ","This movie has no plot its just a long and very depressing movie. ","If your a block head watch this but if your a type of person who thinks drugs are bad wait till you see this,SCARRED FOR LIFE GUARANTEED ","I was expecting bad. I was satisfied. ","Wasn't impressed. ","It doesn't have subtitles or other languages I would like to get a refund. ","This movie is a joke. Can't even say anything else at this point. ","The quality of this movie was horrible and even though we have great internet service this movie would pause every 10 mins on us and restart it to the beginning. ","sucked. ","Movie is good but DVD skips. ","It's dumb fun and silly. That is the plus. ","I'm very close to just giving up movies all together. They'd rather scam fans than give them what they truely want. ","If you value your time, don't waste your energy watching this movie. ","Much of the movie was ridiculous and unrealistic that it just feels like numbing entertainment in the dumbing down of society. ","Seriously it's that bad... I literally feel like I lost several IQ points watching this movie. ","It's all action to the point that it's things that defy all logic and could never possibly happen. ","It's just a movie that would appeal to those who get off on watching action instead of a movie that makes sense and has actual substance to it. ","Can't recommend it at all. ","I think I'm a bit irritated that I wasted two hours of my life on this garbage. ", "This film is devoid of humour, pacing or any other redeeming features so I switched it off after 25 minutes to save on my electricity bill. ","Apparently my 6-year-old niece is a fan, which says a great deal. ","Not recommended. ","Wtf","Overweight fat-ass nonsense, predicable scenes, an unfunny script, annoying characters, regrettable watching overall... ","a pile of poo. Amen. ","The worst film I have EVER seen 😳 ","This has to be the worse film i have ever seen,save your money honest, its a big pile of steaming dino dung. ","poor story, poor acting, unfunny jokes, poorly presented entertaiment. ","Dreadful, dreadful, dreadful. ","Would not recommend to anyone. ","It's not even funny. ","up there with worst films I have watched ","Not a great movie only few scenes were ok but overall a disappointment. ","I found it really boring. ","Don't bother watching it","poor poor poor film! lip sync is out too! ","Not funny ","Complete rubbish they're only good thing about this film is it is not full of pretty people and more like real life people ","there is not 1 funny bits in it, how is ever go fund it is beyond me shockingly bad film ","just why ","Boring ","Total rubbish and to make it worse my husband put it on thinking it was a free Amazon Prime view. Cost me $22.99!!!! ","A travesty of a film. ","it is possible to feel embarrassed watching a film on your own! ","Rubbish ","Not even offensive enough to not be very boring ","I started watching this one afternoon when I was home sick. I got about 15mins in. ","Not only was the script clunky, badly delivered and honestly just a bit offensive; it was boring. ","This is almost the epitome of a movie where the cast and crew are there for the pay checks. ","There is no chemistry, the acting oscillates between manic grins and paralysed wood and even the clothes are bland. ","I can't recommend enough not bothering to watch this film. ","the film makers assumed the viewers are brainless. ","I thought this film would be much more sophisticated but it is in fact very primitive. ","It hurst to watch it! ","Much like a pair of corduroy bell bottoms, this should NEVER have been made. ","This is an appalling film. ","It is offensive. ","It is offensive in every way you could possibly imagine it to be. ","watch anything else. Literally anything. ","This film is the sort of thing you hope future generations never find, what would they think of us? ","The story line is weak and there is too much focus on fashion. ","I was so disappointed with it. ","I saw this at the cinema and had no intention to get the DVD but bought it as a gift, and as they already had it I kept it. ","it was fluff ","Dreadful! ","Harmless fluff. ","the plot was as thin as cheap loo roll. ","Bad bad bad. ","I'd ask for my money back but it at least gave me the chance to have a good rant! ","Seriously though, avoid this film! ","this film was wrong on so many levels, let me elaborate: ","Did anyone notice how aweful, wooden, awkward and stiff the acting was? ","The characters seemed to be acting like strangers towards each other, it just seemed so artificial, so awkward ","I actually felt myself sinking into my seat watching this in the cinema. ","Highly repetitive and just not funny. ","The acting is generally wooden, especially the young guy. ","I bought a copy for the cost of three good takeaway meals some years ago, I resold it for pennies. ","Boring cult movie that doesn't do much with what it's got ","I didn't care for it as I struggled to finish it. ","A very unengaging light weight semi-story, weakly underdeveloped characters and a pointless conclusion. ","A great film it is not. ","The majority of the movie is made up of uneventful languors. ","a long plateau of nothing. ","Okay, so it has very little to no plot. ","Sadly it's a character piece without well realised characters. ","Maybe it's just me, but I didn't pick up many signs in the writing or acting of interesting, independent people interacting together on screen. ","The sum total of all the characters can be covered in a few simple broad-stroke descriptions. ","These are not complex characters full of enigmatic depths and surprises. ","I thought the film's conclusion was badly handled as it left me less than satisfied. ","It felt botched, lacking any pathos, any impact. ","A pointless film topped off with an even more pointless ending. ","I did not enjoy the film at all. ","It was a struggle to complete it and it definitely wasn't worth the effort. ","I can imagine the film could be delightful if you can get on its wavelength, but it's clearly not for me. ","Some funny blips in a sea of underwritten banality is not enough. ","Not merely a bad film, but a very bad film. ","I was recommended the film by a friend but found it boring and not in the least funny. Don't buy iy? ","This wasn,t for me and no matter how many times i watched it i couldn,t get a grip of it. Crazy and over the place in my opinion. ","sorry, i don't think this film is as good as everyone claims, i found it boring and uninsightful ","My girlfriend and I recently saw this in the Mayfair library. Well we did not even stay until this pile of rubbish ended. I rest my case. ","Quirky yes .. but I cannot recommend it! ","This is truly awful film. I have no words to describe it. ","This is a bad bad movie! ","I bought this for a bit of nostalgia for myself and the missus. Unfortunately watching it as an adult was a different experience. ","not a good film ","I can make head nor tail of it. ","Awful. ","Definitely NOT recommended. ","Maybe therea something wrong with me but I just didn't get it. ","aWFULL ","Incredibly dated with no strong female roles or dialogue. ", "Ive never seen this movie. Someone must be using my account again. ","boring, basic theme has already been done ad infinitum. ","Couldn't even stand to watch past the first 20 mins, boring as it was. ","Still rubbish ","Bought this because it was cheap and haven't seen it since it was at the the theatres. Now I remember why I never bought it. ","Poor acting, marginal plot, action that is meaningless. ","All the actors are capable of much more. ","The acting was, to me, Sophomoric. ","The story was in my opinion, close to alien. ","A waste of money. ","I truly expected a great movie. and it did not meet my expectations. ","One of the worst pieces of crap I have ever seen ","Then there is something like this that is boring, needlessly gory, and complete un-entertaining. ","was not good like to get my 2.99 back ","One of the WORST movies ever created in all time. ","This is just darkness, with stupid stuff happening. ","IDon't waste your time with this, unless you want fall asleep because it does a great job for that. ","No idea what was going on ","Got bored one day looking for something to do so started watching this. ","Have to say this must be one of the worst films I've seen ","Dialogue was DREADFUL, acting poor and couldn't possibly comment on the special effects as I couldn't see them. ","Save your money! ","The screen writers must be 12 year olds. ","I realize the actors all have living expenses to pay, but they should hang their heads for being involved with this turkey. ","Booooo!!! ","Don't waste your hard earned $ on this trash! ","I should have listened... ","I read several reviews prior to purchasing this movie that warned that it was not very good. Boy, were they right. ","I initially thought (and hoped) that it was the kind of bad that was actually good...in a B-movie, campy sort of way. I was sorely mistaken. ","I would not call it a ''bad'' movie...that leaves too much to the imagination (I've seen plenty of ''bad'' movies that were great fun). ","I think it is appropriate to call it ''excruciatingly mediocre.'' ","To the four-star and five-star crowd...did you see the same movie I saw? ","I didn't have high expectations ","This movie was just a complete waste of time. Period. ","this one was a real nose-picker. ","I think the most annoying problem with the movie is nearly _everything_ happens in dark corridors and rooms. ","Give this film a pass--it's not even worth the DVD to pirate it. ;>  ","hard pass. ","I'm not a film-purist but... ","As much as I like ''movies made to win oscars'', I equally love mindless action, serious drama, teen comedies and the odd slasher/parody flick.  ","I literally wanted to RUN out of the movie theatre, wishing I had just used the money to light a cigarette with. ","I sat through the movie, excited...waiting for ''the part'' where all hell breaks loose and the carnage unleashes... ","I'm tempted to believe the average episode of ''The X-Files' is shot on a bigger budget with better production values. ","Even Buffy is more visceral than this! ","The camera is too jerky...maybe its supposed to disorient you or I don't know what... ","Isn't the least bit funny... ","I had huge expectations from this movie. ","Not even worth renting. ","It's just a big...disappointment. ","This is the kind of movie you watch and walk out of a theatre saying, ''Hell, I could make a better movie than this.'' ","the filmmakers just didn't understand what they had their hands on here. ","I just don't know what they were thinking. ","the movie is a bore. ","There's a lazy attempt at story and an abandoned attempt at character development. They seem to have forgotten everything else. ","a failed film in its own right. ","Apparently, somebody was digging for.. something.. ","Look. I can't keep you from seeing the movie. ","if you are morbidly curious, or if you just absolutely have to spend that ten bucks, then go for it. ","don't come crying to me when you end up hating yourself for watching it. ","DON'T BUY IT IF YOU LIVE IN THE USA!!! ","Why can't I give it a ''0''?! ","deceitful and ludicrous!!! ","Total waste of money ","YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY!!!! ","this should have had a ''best by..'' date on it. ","Too much talking lol ","the quality of the movie was poor, even though it says HD ","Impossible plot. ","Unsympathetic characters. ","Bad acting. ","Ridiculous makeup. ","Just horrible. ","Unwatchable. What happened? Just aweful ","I couldn't bring myself to watch it all. ","Sooo slow and uninteresting ","Boring. ","Toooooooo Long! ","Would not have been a bad movie if they had left about half of it on the cutting room floor. ","Terrible! ","Poor story and horrible acting. ","Couldn't get into this movie. ","What a steaming pile of crap!! ","It is impossible to believe that this movie is not a farce of two of the best movies ever made... ","I saw this movie when it originally came out and thought it was terrible. ","After re-watching, I realize that it is quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen, such a shame. ","The plot is bad and the acting is worse. ","never, ever watch this pathetic excuse for a film. ","Worse than horrible, Really! ","In its own right, it is a horrible movie: no story worth telling, widespread overacting, a lousy cast. ","This movie is so bad that if it were completely free, no strings attached, its not worth seeing. ","I couldn't watch more than one half of the movie; it made my stomach hurt! ","This movie is utterly horrible. ","It should never have been released. ","Unbelievable. ","Not very good. ","Story was tepid. ","Stupid. ","Laughably bad. ","Avoid!! ","This movie was so atrocious I don't even know where to begin. ","Was there a script? Seemed like they made it up as they went along. ","AVOID THIS TERRIBLE MOVIE!! ","Nothing new here. ","The plot's terrible, the dialog is worse, the lame slap-stick humor is borderline offensive. ","My son said ''UGH! This is the longest movie I've ever seen in my life! Can we turn it off?'' ","The movie was vulgar, had lots of sexual references and foul language, and quite honestly wasn't that funny. ","We turned it off about 20 minutes into it...I wish I could get my money back. ","It's supposed to be a ''family'' movie but had plenty of dirty jokes and dirty references. ","Thought this would be a good movie to watch with the family, the language and constant sexual overtones was too much for the wife and kids ","its very awful and feel very disapointed ","TRASH! We turned it off ","lots of sex talk and vulgar language.....My 13 year old was embarrassed.... ","Not okay for kids of age 16 or less ","The first half of the movie is fine, but about half way through, the words being spoken by the characters dont match up with their mouth. It looks like a bad Bruce Lee movie! ","it just kept getting worse!", "Very poor quality,Chinese subtitles through out,very dark images,hard to make out the characters. ","I was very disappointed with quality. ","Colour has a magenta cast and also the sound is poor. ","I own a VHS copy of this film and can honestly say the videocassette has a clearer picture and better sound (on the HiFi tracks) than this DVD. ","I would not be surprised to find the DVD to be an unofficial (and poorly executed) copy off an old VHS cassette. ","Most disappointing. ","The quality was very poor. Was it recorded from someone else's laptop? ","I don't recommend this particular DVD to anyone - it's a waste of money. ","The DVD is such poor quality that one cannot watch it. I will put it in the waste bin. ","What a pity, its bad now. I love the film very much and I was hoping I could show the film to my children. ","This film was of exception poor quality. Do not recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ","absolute awful. Everyone had purple heads and there was splashes of purple on everyone. ","This film was of exception poor quality. Do not recommend!! ","It was dubed in Korean and the picture was very jumpy and grainy was a Xmas gift for my daughter in law.. ","Complete and utter fake. ","Very disappointed.What a pointless film. ","Had I known beforehand that it contained so much foul language I would certainly not have purchased this dvd........ ","I just couldn't get into the storyline at all, after having wasted a good half hour or so of my time. ","I didn't watch it all. ","Had I been in a cinema I would have walked out . ","I was persuaded to purchase it, but bad awful. ","This film is so terrible I want 60 minutes of my life back.  ","I can't even imagine how they raised funds to finance this. ","got this for my son as a surprise..... not a very happy customer, especially after waiting so long for it. ","Do not buy this film is Transphobic and sexist and not at all funny. ","Turned this film off not long into watching it due to the content.... ","My 10 Year had been given other PG rated film and asked for this films, after watching it.....I didn't realise this films were a '12' rating. ","The film wasn't on that long and I was sat cringing at some of the content, as I was watching with my 10 year old! ","I turned the film off!!!! ","I do not want my child watching a film were someone thinks it is ok to treat officials and other people in such a rude way and also swear at them....it is not funny! ","I wasn't too happy with the film, rude and naughty also disrespectful towards some adults especially officials. ","I have sent this film to the charity shop... ","in my opinion they should not be watched by anyone younger than 12. ","Not that good,story a it weak.. ","muscle didn't do much hear,up the the reds. ","Endless chases and smash ups. ","Pointless violence, illogical plotting and 2 dimensional acting nailed to a dire script full of groan moments. ","Strictly by-the-numbers film which effectively renders itself unnecessary. ","If this is family friendly viewing then I don't want to know those families. ","My taste in movies has changed in 50+ years - now this seems stilted and phony ","Everybody declaims; nobody talks the way real people talk; and actorsare overbearing and pompous, stiff and smug and cold asicepick. ","It's a self-important and pretentious movie, overloaded with phony down-homeness and condescending socio-political moralizing. ","Not entertaining or enlightening at all.  ","I'm glad I borrowed it from the library instead of paying anything for it, even the few pennies an online rental costs. ","looks dreadful on a widescreen set with bars both above and below and on either side. ","It's a disaster, folks. ","A drag of cliches ponderously delivered by a stellar cast who should have known better. ","The only good point is its function as a £3 makeweight to avoid a carriage charge. ","This hasn't dated well and I'm at a bit of a loss as to why other than nostalgia that this film has received so many glowing reviews. ","indeed fulll of very tasteless cheap jokes that are racially related. ","There are some humourous lines but they are rather sparse and more jokes are misses than hits. ","It was only the nostalgia factor and all the glowing reviews that made me think this was good (it sadly isn't). ","What a pity the story never really amounts to very much and all seems rather pointless at the end. ","Trust me when I say - ANYTHING IS BETTER! ","Just watch this one on TV and save yourself the price of a DVD that you'll end up giving away. ","Thought I'd love this DVD given the fantastic cast - nope. ","Whilst I'm not averse to swearing , I cringe at blasphemy and there was plenty of that !!! ","Not for me I'm afraid 😔!! ","The problem a film such as this has is that it's such a well trodden formula.  ","Film lovers continue entering such productions hoping for something different each time, but rarely is that hope met. ","The cast do fine with the flimsy material, But where's the surprises? ","Plonking formula into the middle of a film just doesn't cut it as being any different. ","It failed to make back its $10 million budget domestically but limped to a Worldwide profit of $23.5 million. ","One or two good visual gags aside, it's a poor film and frankly all those involved deserve much better. ","To say that this film was a disappointment would be an understatement of epic proportions. ","It was so poor that it had me cringing at times. ","Proof that a good cast and crew does not always make for a great film. ","For me, it seems to get caught between two stools, it's neither a great comedy, nor a great romantic comedy - there's little believeable romance and very little comedy. ","I think it took me 10 minutes to raise a smile and perhaps I laughed once throughout the film. ","What humour there was could be spotted a mile off to anyone with a half a brain...as could the entire story. ","A slight variation on a thousand of films before it, same characters, same iconic locations, same cool indie sound track. ","Perhaps I'm looking too deeply and I have to admit that this is not my kind of film to begin with. ","I fail to see any good in this film. ","Almost beyond belief that people can give this 5 stars, and I speak as a fan of other similar films. ","Embarassing story line and lame comedy, with hardly a laugh out loud moment. ","Are the people serious on here with Five stars.... ","this screenplay has been stretched so far it's not funny...... ","this has the script of a short film made into 90 plus minutes...... ","How did this get financied to be made, the story is so lame....huge disappointment. ","Not worth buying even if it is in a pound bargain bucket... ","When I went to see this film in the Cinema, I had high hopes that it would be just brilliant. Sorry but it was pretty lame.  ","I am not sure if it was a low budget film but it seem so faked up. ","Surely credible actors like these wouldn't put their names to just anything. Obviously I was wrong. ","It was so cheesy, predictable and not really that funny. ","For me it was quite painful to watch just due to the sheer predictability of it all, I could literally see what was coming throughout the film. ","There is nothing original about this - the film borrows on the concepts and ideas from hundreds of films before it - and delivers nothing. ","The front cover of the DVD shows the words 'Fantastic' ' A Comedy Gem' 'Hilarious'..... WRONG. ","This is the biggest pile of garbage I have ever watched. ","It is actually a rip off of several different movies - see if you can spot them. ","Even the bloopers are unfunny, and sometimes allegedly, staged? ","Fantastic..No. Unfunny ...yes. ","Should say on the report 'Tries hard, must do better' Stick with better films. ","I really feel that quality actors and writers have a duty to the public to turn down roles in rubbish such as this. ","It's absolutely dreadful with no redeeming qualities. ","After a while I began to wonder whether it was deliberately parodying American/English films, but reluctantly realised that it didn't even have that depth. ","No one turns in a good performance, and the tree in the park had more charisma than the actors and was even less wooden. ","Utter utter utter utter utter rubbish and a waste of everyone's time. ","A one word review of this bucket of derivative crud would be disappointing. ","Talk about a watered down film made for the mentally challenged; it was predictable and painful to watch. ","I rounded up some friends and popped the DVD on - only to have this abomination grace my screen. ","If you are a fan of generic hollywood tripe you will love it. If you have half a brain give it a miss. ","Just the director dropping his trousers for the American dollar. ","I tried to walk out in disgust but realised I was on a plane. But still tried - it's that bad. ","Even though it says the feature is a 12, it really is not suitable for that age. ","It had unnecessary swearing and was smutty just for the sake of it. ","Could have been a lot funnier and we didn't even watch to the end. ","Im shocked this movie has been so well reviewed. I thought it was terrible. ","The plot is contrived and insulting an there isnt more than a few feeble jokes in it. ","I sat in the cinema stoney faced whilst everyone around me laughed out loud and I have no idea why. ","Dull!!!!!"
