"Excellent movie with lots of action, shooting and stunt driving. ","Was told to watch this so I did and was very pleased. ","Would purchase again----do recommend watching it. ","I ordered this for my grandson. I had it delivered to him and he was very pleased with it. ","Some of the stunts are a little far fetched but that goes with the movie making territory. ","full of action. ","good effects. ","for your entertainment and popcorn. ","If you haven't seen the movie. OMG, it is amazing. ","AWESOME!!! I love how this movie is very aware of what it is and never try and take itself to seriously. ","I thought it was very well done. ","Was scared after some of the bad reviews but so glad I bought it. ","My kid and I loved it. ","I'm sure it will be watched over and over again. ","The movie came in a timely fashion with no dents, dings or scratches. ","The movie was surprisingly good. ","Love this movie and binge watched it over and over. ","The story in this is nothing like what the previews hint at and quite interesting to watch. ","Very interesting movie. ","Insightful. ","It was suggested by a friend and I'm glad I got it. ","A little quirky but I like that. ","After all these years, this is still one of my favorite movies of all times. ","It is just as enthralling as it was the first time I watched. ","It's not a film for everyone. ","I'd heard about this film for a long time; so glad I bought and viewed it. It was well worth my time. ","My favorite movie of all time in one of the most nicely designed covers I've seen. ","What a treasure. ","This wonderful film holds up year after year. ","Still wonderful after all these years. ","This is a great movie for selected audiences who happen to be in the right mood for it. ","I've seen this movie several times, and I always enjoy it. ","It is a fascinating movie, but you must concentrate because the movie is pure conversation, and if you get distracted at all you'll miss something. ","This surely isn't a film for everyone, but I certainly enjoyed it. ","As for the movie itself, I'm taking the time to write these remarks because it's a great movie that is well worth watching and watching again. ","At a time in my life, this crystallized everything that I was thinking at that time. ","It is like what you think as a gown up. ","I was afraid it was going to be indeed of very bad quality but I was pleasantly surprised. ","Great 2 DVD pack and nice booklet.","excellent fun movie for its uniquness. ","This is a movie I watch when I don't know HOW to think anymore. ","if you're legal, a little marijuana will help to open up to the experience. ","I would say this is one of my top 5 favorite films. ","In my humble opinion pure genius. ","This film under rated. ","it is a highly intellectual film and not a popcorn and cola blockbuster. ","This is not for everyone. ","It is slow, studied and you can watch it once every year or two. ","The message was and is brilliant. ","This is an outstanding movie that is simply not made any more, except by some student at Sundance. ","If you miss this movie, you will miss out on seeing a brilliant artistic thoroughly entertaining gem. ","This is the kind of movie one should see every six months or so..... ","I get something out of it every time I see it, and it brings me right into the present. ","It is brilliant. ","One of the most fascinating and enjoyable movies I've ever seen. ","I saw it when it first came out in the theaters, and have watched it periodically during the years since, when I get really hungry for something interesting. ","Wonderful thought provoking movie. ","Watch when you're in a contemplative mood, questioning man's alienation from the natural environment. ","A wonderful movie. ","Love it!!!! ","I've watched it many times & will in the future too. ","I need 4 more words for this review - Great, wonderful, buy it! ","I try to watch this once a year - it helps me to re-focus on what is important in life. ","Quite possible the strangest film I've ever seen. ","Fantastic. Put it on prime instant streaming ","Amazing watch, dripping with symbolism and meaning, this is not your average movie. ","The first time I've ever watched a movie all the way through, and promptly started it again from the beginning. ","A transformative meditation of the soul. ","So beautiful but most importantly, it shows you as the spectator the beauty that lies within. ","Well done. Thanks! ","The film is philosophical and heavily allegorical. ","It is well made and the quality of the film stock is immaculate considering when it was filmed. ","Simply put, quite possibly the best film I've ever seen. ","Some might find it's lack of a clearly stated plot frustrating, but it operates on the consistently strange logic of it's visionary director. ","Having heard it was an intensely influential film for many other artists I decided to check it out and was not disappointed. ","A very surreal movie. ","Know what you're getting into before purchasing, because this is truly an abnormal movie. ","The strangest movie I have ever seen, and that is good! ","cute flick, great for 1st dates ","I regret not watching it sooner. ","It's a mind blowing piece of art. ","Gorgeous. Good captions, too. ","Very interesting movie. ","Definitely not for the faint of heart. ","Excellent! ","Great movie, excellent quality ","Masterful indeed. ","very visually entertaining. ","A Great movie, This should be the standard for all erotica movie's. ","The quality and the movie content did not disappoint. ","best film , sexiest females. ","If Your A Fan Dont Miss This One. ","This is one of the best of movies ever made I love this movie ","FUN STUFF ","thank you very fast and nice. ","great movie great movie. ","Has own rating: Good. ","Another cable memory. ","It was a great show. ","Great movie for adults. ","I've had this in VHS format before, and now have it in dvd. ","Very good flick. Recommend it highly. ","5.0 out of 5 starsExactly what I want.. ","Years ago I saw this movie and was thrilled to find it again. ","Perfect tantalizing tale without blood, gore or strange twists. " ,"I've searched for this movie for years. ","The movie is exactly like I remember, soft porn with alittle British humor. ","An erotic softcore romp with no pretentions of being anything beyond that. ","This movie was tastefully done in times gone by. ","Helpful for 'mood'. ","Not like old time x rated movies of past times. ","Was just what I was looking for , and found it. ","One of my favorite films from the time period. ","It is everything I remembered it was when I saw it on VHS. ", "Low budget movie with quite good effects for the time. ","I really like the props in this movie. It's quite realistic. ","The actor's performance was animated and devoted. ","The film is ok. ","The plot of the film feels very close to reality. ","I think the movie would be better if it ended a little bit more sad. ","I watched this video with my brother. ","The special effects of the film are really good. ","Bleakly atmospheric, but low budget and slow moving. ","Does a nice job of conveying the weary hopelessness of its characters and until a somewhat sloppy, although poignant, ending, it generally plays by the rules. ","Overall, a nice, solid time-waster that just suffers from a lack of ambition. ","A Future Cult Classic. ","A good strong story line that keeps you guessing with the usual low budget effects from a non-mainstream blockbuster. ","For fun, great fx and great plot, this is a great rental! ","The R rating comes from sci/fi violence and terror, language and some quick nudity... in a rather funny scene, but this film is pretty well suitable for all. ","No matter who you are you will love this movie! ","its been so long since a seen this movie, it is great to get it on DVD and watch it again, great movie! ","Had to buy this as i had seen it as a child. ","Good film quality, as advertised. ","It has become a family favourite! ","A feel good extravaganza ","A wonderful, feel good, any age film to enjoy. ","INSPIRATIONAL ","I watched this as a child at my Nan's house and have watched it every year since!! ","Such a beautiful film :) ","My grandkids loved this film great they watched it twice before they got picked up ","It was nice to see it again Thank you ","Lovely film. It was nice to see it again ","A great classic, my 7-year old son loved it. ","Wonderful memories ","Great movie ","Verty good film.seen it lots of time ","One of the best films I have ever seen, suits all ages, a great family film ,I would recommend to every one. ","It is, without question, one of the loveliest films I have seen in years. " ,"And it is, without question, the film I have been recommending all ages to see. ","Pure delight. ","Why, oh why, didn't I know about the film when it originally came out. ","Everyone should see it. ","FIRST CLASS FILM SPECIALLY FOR YOUNG CHILDREN TO ENJOY ","I am happy with it and I will give you 12 out of 12 ","Kids loved it. 10 and 5 year old. I thought it was great too. ","Really enjoYedingham it my daughters liked it to really good film ","Stunning nightmare world. ","Music and acting exacting right - sometimes purposefully ham to add to the plot. ","Sensual and strange. ","See 'Enemy' for a similar mood. ","Weird, wonderful, and able to get completely under your skin. ","Others have written much better reviews of the film itself. ","The plot is strange, non-linear and thought provoking but incredibly hard to explain, but just expect to be amazed. ","The performances are excellent........ ","I love the thought that the different interpretations of this film would emerge each time you viewed it. ","I couldn't recommend it more and inspires me to rent more films. ","Yet again, another fantastic film by my favourite director. ","If you love bizarre, surreal and ambiguous films, that are well-crafted, sinister, and wonderfully acted, then I highly recommend you go and buy this film. ","So what was that all about? ","It is so dark and brooding that you will be in the land of nod in no time at all. ","As far as content on the DVD goes it is pretty shocking...... ","The film would be ruined if you did know what was going on, so the absence of a 'making of' featurette is welcomed. ","A commentary would have been nice but I suspect it would have been mostly silence. ","A profound, life-changing experience. ","The cinematography is flawless and expertly framed. ","if you take your eyes off the screen for a slit second it will still take dozens of viewings to even begin solving it. ","A critical and box office catastrophe on release, it has in recent years thankful been reassessed in some quarters. ","This is a film where all the elements are alive for the viewer. ","The sound design is meticulously thoughtout to help build the mood and every single shot is just gorgeously framed. ","Magnificent direction and a haunting soundtrack. ","Before you watch it, ask yourself whether you're willing to invest over two hours of your life in a film where you have to research it afterwards to truly understand it. ","I confess that I did have to look towards the internet to finally determine what it was all about. ","It is certainly enjoyable, even though it's brutal, sadistic and violent. ","You have to be in the mood for something (more than) a little different. ", "I loved the movie. ","I bought the movie on account of the music from the movie. ","Well, I fell in love with the movie and with the music I love, I was in heaven. ","I recommend this movie to young and old and I am 73 years old! ","Fun watch! ","Super sweet movie. ","Funny and awesome to enjoy with the whole family. ","Loved it ","Brought back my perfect childhood memories ","I usually try to find free streams of movies online but could not find this movie with good quality (or one at all). ","Great quality! ","hilarious ","My granddaughter loved it! ","Great feel-good movie ","Great feel-good movie. ","For once, the fine actors and the family story add to the film. ","Good for the very young. Highly recommended. ","Cute movie, my kids enjoyed it very much. ","There was one scene which is inappropriate for young children so if your kids are under 10 or so be prepared for questions. ","A+ Family Movie ","This is a great family movie. ","I have no clue why someone would say it is not suitable for children. That is crazy. ","You can rest assured this movie is great for the entire family. ","Our grandchildren LOVE it. ","Unfortunately the part about the 'wiener', gets repeated and referenced by family way too many times long after the movie is over and that is unfortunate. ","Good movie for kids to watch. ","My 5 year old daughter laughed her butt off watching this movie. ","All ages enjoy this movie! ","One of our favorite family movies of all time! ","Our girls enjoyed it very much. ","A greatwatch with the kids ","We own 2 St. Bernards and my wife and I watched it with them. they thought it was great! Me too! ","Great family movie! ","Love this movie ;) ","My 7 year old loved it! ","Classic! My 7 year old loved it!! ","I have had to watch it over and over again. ","Kids never get tired of this movie. ","love it ","Just plain fun ","An epic with lush views, great acting and one of the best movie scores ever. ","Lush epic, good acting and the most wonderful music. ","I would have given six (6) stars just for the music. ","This film is definitely a gem amongst films. ","Story wise,Acting wise,soundtrack...... excellent. ","It's a multifaceted meaningful storyline, where A man can start & were fate may place him. ","A journey of the heart & the soul. ","If you have not seen this movie see it, then I am pretty sure you will add this to your collection. ","I consider this an excellent buy!. ","this is an amazing movie. ","epic and heart-wrenching. ","you will be completely drawn in by the strong characters and their struggle. ","it is a beautiful movie - with fantastic music. ","Great movie - great music - setting was beautiful - great/sad story. ","Excellent movie. Engaging and riveting! ","An unbelievable and mesmerizing epic motion picture that was sadly, a historical fact. ","This is one very powerful movie which exhibits the passionate extremes of good and evil, love and lust, greed and generosity, spirituality verses power and position, and the all consuming and life changing, freedom verses unwarranted bondage. ","A memorable epic that leaves a moving impression. ","gift for a friend ","I first saw this thought-provoking film on the big screen in 70mm and believed it to be one of the best films. ","Unfortunately the film opened to disappointing business in the U.S. but did much better in Europe. ","Many people thought this to be a religious film but it is far more than that. Rather to divulge a lot about the plot, I would rather imply that this film is a triumph in the sense that it is action filled spectacle that makes us think rather than just entertain us. ","Anyway do see this film for the direction, the stars and of course, the evocative score. ","Though the transfer is superb, the sound is a little disappointing, it lacks the spaciousness of how it was in the theater. ","Wonderful Movie! ","Maybe the best movie. ","You do not want to miss this ","This is one of the most beautiful, moving movies I have ever seen in my life. ","I admit that I am normally disinterested in awards given to movies, but this one was deserving of all the homage paid to it. ","It is one of the most well-done movies I have ever seen, and the cinematography ranks up there with 'Dances With Wolves' and The Last Of The Mohicans. ","In a word, this movie is unforgettable. ","A friend told me it was her favorite video and had been lost. I ordered it as a gift for her and she was so happy she cried. ","best movie ever. ","I pray God finds this movie and jesus christ shows his mercy. ","very good movie ","The movie was excellent - THE SOUND QUALITY WAS TERRIBLE ","Not to be Confused with Cheerleader Massacre ","How might it be that I've remained uninformed for so long, about this shitefest of genius lunacy? ","I admit I popped one when I watched it. ","One would be forgiven for erroneously entertaining the idea that it's a movie of absolutely no worth. ","to judge it by conventional standards only reveals a less than willing mind state. ","I mean, you have to be some kind of glutton for punishment to sit through the entire thing. ","There remains no denying that this no budget production has leftfield moments of absolute hilarity. ","I must be some kind of masochist because I actually think I'm going to try to watch it again! ","A KEEPER. ","excellent ","This film is great. ","It is smart and sexy. ","Thank you all for this beautiful piece of art cinema. ","If you are a fan of dicks and a lover of sharks you are in for a real treat! ","High brow and low brow at teh same time ","The slow motion shots were amazingly beautiful. ","I love this style. ","Sweet and innocent. ","Brilliant absurdity with a vulgar display of intellect. ","It's brash, with glorious nudity, the trademark score and humorous dialog. ","For those that wish to dive deeper, oh my, what a journey you have before you. ","The underlying themes touch on a number of philosophical maxims and the film will reward those who embrace the thin veneer of sarcasm. ","It this film perfect? No. Is it awesome? Yes. ","If you dig underground movies with the pulsing vein of Zappa thumping through it - buy this. ","It's beyond awesome.", "Film is a little cheesy, but it has a impact on me. ","Brilliant cd of the soundtrack from a great film is available. ","Very good to watch and very enjoyable make feel young. ","this is to replace the one i had before after standing on it wonderful DVD! ","Bought for my Mum, she loves it. Inexpensive way to make an older Lady happy. ","Really excellent film enjoyed every miñute of it. I have watched it twice so far. ","It was great to see this agin after so many decades! ","Glad that I was able to buy the film. ","Make sure you have a box of tissues close by! ","Great film, sad story. ","I use this as a teaching application to adults on morality and ethics. ","Excellent movie...! ","Very pleased!!!!!!! ","A haunting, deep movie..","It is a movie both about the pathos and anxiety of each individual, and of the agony and evil of a world gone mad. ","A haunting film well worth watching but not an easy watch, the final scene is just unbelievable and even after all these years I still can't watch it. ","it will break your heart. ","It is a very powerfully moving movie! ","The movie holds your interest right up until the end. ","Not many movies I've seen could carry away a top rating. ","This movie has some fine little details in the editing as well that only caught my eye after repeated viewing. ","Its truly heartrending and must be every mother's worst nightmare...","Totally absorbing... loved it. ","I absolutely loved this film when I watched it for the first time and each time I watch it I am still in awe of the talent on the screen. ","A totally unforgettable and moving film. ","Wonderful film. ","Saw it when it was first released years ago and enjoyed even more this time around. ","The dramatic and sad story is in itself fascinating, but first and foremost, the film is a triumph of acting genius. ","Buy it if you care about great acting if for no other reason. ","First time when I saw this movie in a theatre I was stunned to see its end. ","I still am rendered speechless whenever I watch it at home. Worth owning, and watching. ","This is a wonderful film which truly brings the reality. ","Film a little long winded, but the end is heartbreaking. ","Well worth a watch. ","My little one loves this films. ","Personally I didn't find the storyline anywhere near as engaging and fun as other films, but try telling that to a toddler! ","It's bright, loud and fast and that is good enough for me! ","Great fun film for all family. ","Highly recomended, not just for film fans, has some nice socuial bits. ","Perfect Xmas present for our 8 year old film fanatic nephew. ","Great film all round!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!","Long awaited for and thoroughly enjoyed by the children. ","I am sure my son will love this a a Crimbo present. ","Much enjoyed by the whole family! ","Good film, even greater in 3D. ","Excellent product. ","Also, it came well packaged will make a nice Xmas present. ","Films have been deterorating in quality as time progresses but it's still enjoyable. ","Little boy loved this film as he's a film fanatic, Seen it 3 times can't wait to get it for him on DVD. ","Saw this with my 8 year old film-mad son and 6 year non-film mad daughter at the cinema in 3D. We all absolutely loved it.  ","My daughter enjoyed the prominence of the ''girl'' in the story. ","My son adores ANYTHING on film and always has. ","I loved the story - and how it linked in with other movies. ","My son asks me daily when this is coming out on dvd. ","If you have a film fan in your family I'm sure they will love it! ","Brilliant film, can watch it over and over again. ","One of my favourite films, can be watch over & over and never tire of it.!","Still love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ","Excellentbrilliant i have seen the film 6 times have the dvd on every day at some time! ","I saw this film when I was studying in Bournemouth early 1981 or so. Still remembered some scenes. ","Lovely to watch again. ","Every good. ","Superb soundtrack, ","Brought this for my mum she loves it. ","Very good film. ","exerlent liket lt a lot!!!!!??? ","Quite possibly the greatest film of all time. ","It's a fantastic cult classic! ","To be honest I didn't really need this on BluRay, but I went for it. ","I love this film, and I always have. ","Fantastic acting, amazing directing and brilliant story. ","One of the best films ever made, and amazon was selling it at a very low price. WIn win. ","If you haven't seen it then I suggest that you watch it. I will even send you a copy. ","I'm a huge fan of films but just never got round to watching this. Finally did and I understand why so many people think its a cult classic. ","The cast is awesome with everybody and so are the others. ","The plot twists and turn until all the stories somehow work together. ","The comedy is brilliant - as it always is from best films. ","Ultra cool pop culture phenomenon and worthy of all praise routinely bestowed upon it. ","Spawning a host of iconic lowlife characters and famously substantially enhancing the career prospects of all involved. ","The Blu-Ray looks good and features loads of extras. ","Such a classic film!! ","Watched it again for the first time in years. It's still cool as f...!! ","all the actors are on their A game. ","It's still super cool and relevant over 20 years later!!! ","Highly recommend!!! ","Ihadn't seen it before (really!) and was waiting for all the violence I'd been told it contained. Still waiting, lol. ","it was a good film, but then, anything on film can't be all bad, can it. ","I don't need to review this film, everyone in the world know's it's excellent. ","Suffice to say the packaging and delivery were superb..","A great movie with a great cast, another quality film,,","well worth watching easy to recommend... ","Score calculated using a genuine algorithm. ","Can never be beaten nothing has even come close, such epic story epic plots Eric characters`!!!!!!","Cracking multi-stranded film. ","Great dialogue and wonderful soundtrack. ","What can I say? It's a classic. ","Can watch it again and again. ","This has never and probably will never ever disappoint! ","This box set had me grinning from ear to ear ! ","It's one for the fans and the added extras are fantastic :) ","Must own if you love films. ","Love this movie. ","Enjoyable. ","Brilliant!  ","Great film??!!! ","alright. ","Very interesting film. Enjoyed it. ","Entertaining film well worth watching despite seeing it so many times. ","An absolute classic - great action and sublime dialogue. ","One of the best movies of all time 😎 ","Can't believe how little this film has aged in the years. ","A must watch. Classic."
