Film is a little cheesy, but it has a impact on me.
Brilliant cd of the soundtrack from a great film is available.
Very good to watch and very enjoyable make feel young.
this is to replace the one i had before after standing on it wonderful DVD!
Bought for my Mum, she loves it. Inexpensive way to make an older Lady happy.
Really excellent film enjoyed every miñute of it. I have watched it twice so far.
It was great to see this agin after so many decades!
Glad that I was able to buy the film.
Make sure you have a box of tissues close by!
Great film, sad story.
I use this as a teaching application to adults on morality and ethics.
Excellent movie...!
Very pleased!!!!!!!
A haunting, deep movie..
It is a movie both about the pathos and anxiety of each individual, and of the agony and evil of a world gone mad.
A haunting film well worth watching but not an easy watch, the final scene is just unbelievable and even after all these years I still can't watch it.
it will break your heart.
It is a very powerfully moving movie!
The movie holds your interest right up until the end. 
Not many movies I've seen could carry away a top rating. 
This movie has some fine little details in the editing as well that only caught my eye after repeated viewing. 
Its truly heartrending and must be every mother's worst nightmare...
Totally absorbing... loved it. 
I absolutely loved this film when I watched it for the first time and each time I watch it I am still in awe of the talent on the screen. 
A totally unforgettable and moving film.
Wonderful film. 
Saw it when it was first released years ago and enjoyed even more this time around. 
The dramatic and sad story is in itself fascinating, but first and foremost, the film is a triumph of acting genius. 
Buy it if you care about great acting if for no other reason.
First time when I saw this movie in a theatre I was stunned to see its end. 
I still am rendered speechless whenever I watch it at home. Worth owning, and watching.
This is a wonderful film which truly brings the reality. 
Film a little long winded, but the end is heartbreaking.
Well worth a watch.
My little one loves this films. 
Personally I didn't find the storyline anywhere near as engaging and fun as other films, but try telling that to a toddler! 
It's bright, loud and fast and that is good enough for me!
Great fun film for all family.
Highly recomended, not just for film fans, has some nice socuial bits.
Perfect Xmas present for our 8 year old film fanatic nephew. 
Great film all round!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Long awaited for and thoroughly enjoyed by the children.
I am sure my son will love this a a Crimbo present.
Much enjoyed by the whole family!
Good film, even greater in 3D.
Excellent product.
Also, it came well packaged will make a nice Xmas present.
Films have been deterorating in quality as time progresses but it's still enjoyable.
Little boy loved this film as he's a film fanatic, Seen it 3 times can't wait to get it for him on DVD.
Saw this with my 8 year old film-mad son and 6 year non-film mad daughter at the cinema in 3D. We all absolutely loved it. 
My daughter enjoyed the prominence of the "girl" in the story. 
My son adores ANYTHING on film and always has. 
I loved the story - and how it linked in with other movies. 
My son asks me daily when this is coming out on dvd. 
If you have a film fan in your family I'm sure they will love it!
Brilliant film, can watch it over and over again.
One of my favourite films, can be watch over & over and never tire of it.!
Still love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellentbrilliant i have seen the film 6 times have the dvd on every day at some time!
I saw this film when I was studying in Bournemouth early 1981 or so. Still remembered some scenes. 
Lovely to watch again.
Every good.
Superb soundtrack,
Brought this for my mum she loves it.
Very good film.
exerlent liket lt a lot!!!!!???
Quite possibly the greatest film of all time.
It's a fantastic cult classic! 
To be honest I didn't really need this on BluRay, but I went for it. 
I love this film, and I always have. 
Fantastic acting, amazing directing and brilliant story.
One of the best films ever made, and amazon was selling it at a very low price. WIn win. 
If you haven't seen it then I suggest that you watch it. I will even send you a copy.
I'm a huge fan of films but just never got round to watching this. Finally did and I understand why so many people think its a cult classic. 
The cast is awesome with everybody and so are the others. 
The plot twists and turn until all the stories somehow work together. 
The comedy is brilliant - as it always is from best films.
Ultra cool pop culture phenomenon and worthy of all praise routinely bestowed upon it. 
Spawning a host of iconic lowlife characters and famously substantially enhancing the career prospects of all involved. 
The Blu-Ray looks good and features loads of extras.
Such a classic film!! 
Watched it again for the first time in years. It's still cool as f...!! 
all the actors are on their A game. 
It's still super cool and relevant over 20 years later!!! 
Highly recommend!!!
Ihadn't seen it before (really!) and was waiting for all the violence I'd been told it contained. Still waiting, lol. 
it was a good film, but then, anything on film can't be all bad, can it.
I don't need to review this film, everyone in the world know's it's excellent. 
Suffice to say the packaging and delivery were superb..
A great movie with a great cast, another quality film,,
well worth watching easy to recommend...
Score calculated using a genuine algorithm.
Can never be beaten nothing has even come close, such epic story epic plots Eric characters`!!!!!!
Cracking multi-stranded film. 
Great dialogue and wonderful soundtrack.
What can I say? It's a classic. 
Can watch it again and again.
This has never and probably will never ever disappoint!
This box set had me grinning from ear to ear ! 
It's one for the fans and the added extras are fantastic :) 
Must own if you love films.
Love this movie.
Enjoyable.
Brilliant!
Great film??!!!
alright.
Very interesting film. Enjoyed it.
Entertaining film well worth watching despite seeing it so many times.
An absolute classic - great action and sublime dialogue.
One of the best movies of all time 😎
Can't believe how little this film has aged in the years.
A must watch. Classic.
